Doc fixes and cleanup (#3802)
cocotb/cocotb: docs/source/newsfragments/3744.feature.rst

> The :meth:`cocotb_tools.runner.Simulator.test` method now accept a ``pre_cmd`` argument to run given commands before the simulation starts. Only support for the Questa simulator has been implemented.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The :meth:`cocotb_tools.runner.Simulator.test` method now accepts a ``pre_cmd`` argument to run given TCL commands before the simulation starts. Only support for the Questa simulator has been implemented.
```

Reviewer 2: They seem to spell it "Tcl".
